Update Log Location for Grafana Agent (#2804)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/set-up/install-agent-macos.md

   The brew page downloads and enters the files into:
- /usr/local/Cellar/grafana-agent/[version] (Homebrew v2)
- /opt/homebrew/Cellar/grafana-agent/[version] (Homebrew v3)

> - Grafana Agent logs should be located in `/opt/homebrew/var/log/` though it may differ depending on the version of Homebrew.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Grafana Agent logs should be located in `/opt/homebrew/var/log/` though this path may differ depending on the version of Homebrew.
```
